The Investiture of Prince Charles, what do you remember about that ceremony?
You're picking all my favourite subjects now, aren't you?
Yes, I remember that very well. Although I was living in London, I was very fortunate to be part
of the choir that took part in the actual ceremony in the castle and it was a great privilege
to belong to such a choir which comprised of members from each county of Wales plus a contingent
from London Welsh which made up a choir of about 200 voices. There was a lot of hard work in
learning the music because they weren't easy pieces to learn. We were staying in
Bangor University over the weekend. We rehearsed hard and we had our rehearsal
the day before in the castle and the performance on the following day. Now it was a
not a very nice day. It tended to have rainy showers and wind which blew the
panels that had graced the castle walls and made such a noise that when the television came on
it sort of interrupted the music which was very sad really. To my mind there was never a recording
of all the music that we sang that day and nor has it appeared on television since,
which to me is a shame. Do you remember the atmosphere in the castle that day?
Oh yes, it was very tense because of all the problems that had happened outside
with the various shootings that had happened in areas and it was very full of
well secret police but a lot of police around. Yes it was very tight security.
Our handbags were searched as we went in and out.
Yeah that was very tight security then.
In the run up to the ceremony do you remember what was on television?
No not really because I'll say we came up to the university about Friday and we were
we didn't see any television then because we were so busy sort of rehearsing and
getting ready for the performance. I don't recall an awful lot on television. It's only what I've
seen on the television in later years when they've been on television for a long time.
In later years when they've done special programmes and you've seen a bit of the
procession outside.
You were living in London at the time was was anything organised in London do you remember?
I don't remember anything specific no.